[Doc]update download docs for v22.12 release[skip ci] (#7237)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/download.md

	CUDA & NVIDIA Drivers*: 11.x & v450.80.02+

> 	Apache Spark 3.1.1, 3.1.2, 3.1.3, 3.2.0, 3.2.1, 3.2.2, 3.2.3, 3.3.0, 3.3.1, 3.3.2, 3.4.0 Databricks 9.1 ML LTS or 10.4 ML LTS Runtime and GCP Dataproc 2.0

Author: got it, they are snapshot, removed

*For Cloudera and EMR support, please refer to the
[Distributions](./FAQ.md#which-distributions-are-supported) section of the FAQ.

> ### Download v22.10.0

Reviewer: Yes, the changes should flow from dev branch --> main branch --> gh-pages branch.

> And it's ok to have the broken link during the release until we publish to maven central

We need to minimize this breakage.  What we discussed earlier was to have the download link updated in the dev branch as the very last PR, just before we merge to main and perform the release.  That way the link isn't broken for days/weeks as was the case in the past.

> ### Download v22.10.0

Reviewer 2: > to have the download link updated in the dev branch as the very last PR, just before we merge to main and perform the release. That way the link isn't broken for days/weeks as was the case in the past.

Agree, I think we target to build rc next Monday, and the merge-to-main PR has been created.
So this is the time to update the download link.
@nvliyuan Let's update this PR to include the download link and merge to dev branch first.
Then I can ask Tim to update his merge-to-main PR.

New functionality and performance improvements for this release include:

> * Deliver z-ordering capability on Databricks
> * Enable DPP on Databricks 10.4
> * Improve robust for workloads which has high compression ratio input datasets
> * Support Delta Lake batch writes on Databricks
> * Partially support HiveTableScanExec on GPU
> * Support mapInArrow
> * Enable tiered projections for more expressions to optimize performance   

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Zstandard compression for Parquet and ORC
* Support for Hive text reading
* Improved performance on `like` operations
* Tiered projections for more expressions to optimize performance  
* Support for mapInArrow, instr and array_remove operations
* z-ordering capability on Databricks Delta Lake
* Delta Lake batch writes on Databricks Delta Lake
* Dynamic Partition Pruning (DPP) on Databricks 
```

need to ensure the minimum driver (450.80.02) and CUDA toolkit are installed on each Spark node.

### Verify signature

> * Download the [RAPIDS Accelerator for Apache Spark 22.12.0 jar](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark_2.12/22.10.0/rapids-4-spark_2.12-22.10.0.jar)

Reviewer 4: do we plan to firstly remove the download section and add it later?
Or 
do we plan to keep it 22.10 links and then correct it later?

@sameerz  @jlowe

Reviewer: The download text and links should be added as the last PR for the release.  We should definitely not reference a 22.12 jar in the text but actually point to a 22.10 jar.

Author: removed the download section

  and [RAPIDS Accelerator for Apache Spark 22.12.0 jars.asc](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark_2.12/22.10.0/rapids-4-spark_2.12-22.10.0.jar.asc)
* Download the [PUB_KEY](https://keys.openpgp.org/search?q=sw-spark@nvidia.com).
* Import the public key: `gpg --import PUB_KEY`
* Verify the signature: `gpg --verify rapids-4-spark_2.12-22.12.0.jar.asc rapids-4-spark_2.12-22.12.0.jar`

The output if signature verify:

	gpg: Good signature from "NVIDIA Spark (For the signature of spark-rapids release jars) <sw-spark@nvidia.com>"

### Release Notes
New functionality and performance improvements for this release include:
* Deliver z-ordering capability on Databricks
* Enable DPP on Databricks 10.4
* Improve robust for workloads which has high compression ratio input datasets
* Support Delta Lake batch writes on Databricks
* Partially support HiveTableScanExec on GPU
* Support mapInArrow
* Enable tiered projections for more expressions to optimize performance   
* Qualification and Profiling tool:

>   * Support cost estimations for Dataproc 1.5 and Dataproc2.x

Reviewer 5: Can you add a line for the new user tools Git repo?  Example:

`* Added new Github repo for user tools functionality: https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids-tools/tree/dev/user_tools`

Author: added

### Verify signature
* Download the [RAPIDS Accelerator for Apache Spark 22.12.0 jar](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark_2.12/22.12.0/rapids-4-spark_2.12-22.12.0.jar)
  and [RAPIDS Accelerator for Apache Spark 22.12.0 jars.asc](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark_2.12/22.12.0/rapids-4-spark_2.12-22.12.0.jar.asc)
* Download the [PUB_KEY](https://keys.openpgp.org/search?q=sw-spark@nvidia.com).
* Import the public key: `gpg --import PUB_KEY`
* Verify the signature: `gpg --verify rapids-4-spark_2.12-22.12.0.jar.asc rapids-4-spark_2.12-22.12.0.jar`

The output if signature verify:

	gpg: Good signature from "NVIDIA Spark (For the signature of spark-rapids release jars) <sw-spark@nvidia.com>"

### Release Notes
New functionality and performance improvements for this release include:
* Zstandard compression for Parquet and ORC
* Support for Hive text reading
* Improved performance on `like` operations
* Tiered projections for more expressions to optimize performance  
* Support for mapInArrow, instr and array_remove operations
* z-ordering capability on Databricks Delta Lake

> * Delta Lake batch writes on Databricks Delta Lake

Reviewer: This implies we have significant support for Delta Lake writes which is not the case (and it's disabled by default).  Will defer to @sameerz how this should be worded or if it even should be worded at all, but I don't think we should state such a general support for Delta Lake write support in this release.

Reviewer 3: We can remove the `* Delta Lake batch writes on Databricks Delta Lake` since it is a limited feature and behind a config flag.
